# StickyNotes
The screen is divided into two parts- the left side of it is an input and the text area where a user can enter a new note, update the existing note or clear input fields if he decided not to update anything, and the right side, where all the previously saved note will be shown. 
At the beginning, only the 'Save' button is available and the previously saved notes are loaded with an AJAX request. A user can enter a new note and save it which will automatically trigger another AJAX request which will empty the HTML element with previously saved notes and reload it again, so the new note can appear at the bottom of the right menu where all the saved notes are. The input and textarea field cannot be empty and if so, a user will get an alert. 
Each saved note has an event listener attached to it and by clicking to any of the notes, it's content will fill the input and the textarea on the left side and the 'New Note' and 'Update' buttons will become available. f
The 'New Note' button will clear the input and textarea fields so the user can enter another note which can be saved but also will hidethe 'Update' button since there are no older notes that can be changed. 
The 'Update' button will trigger an event that will send another AJAX request to a PHP page which will update the note in the database. It will use the value from the input and textarea fields which cannot be empty. If the AJAX call is successful, the function wich clear input and textarea fileds will be called again and also, all notes will be cleared and called again so a user can see the updated note on the right menu without refreshing the page.
